Come up to me, you too.
There's no time for me.
You don't know how I find you, tell your unneeded, tell your asses I'm going to be with you. Oh, tell me a secret unless we are questions.
All let's go back to the star Road in circles, come in and tell yours, heads on the signs, a pile of nobody said, Nobody said it was easy
It's such a shame for us to part
Nobody said it was easy
No, never said The Lord ever said, You would be this hard I'll take me back to the star Thank you. I was just guessing
And numbers of fingers
Pulling the puzzles Pull in my paws, it was a pile
Questions of science, science and progress
The most weak and loudest and more Your sweet and slatter's in my heart
Tell me you love me Come I'm feeling the love in
Come back and hold me
Or rush to the start
Running the circles, chasing tales
Come in back as we are
Nobody said it was easy
But it's such a shame for us to part
Nobody said it was easy?
No, never said it would be so hard
I'm going back to the star Thank you. Oh Thank you. Bye! Thank you. Oh Thank you. Oh Thank you. you